

"Transcript


Hello legends. In this video, we're going to be doing a deep dive into web hook security. So, we're going to be
looking at three layers of security. Starting with the server, then the web hook, and then the workflow. Now, the
reason that I'm tackling this from these three layers is that when you self-host n uh and you get a request into your web
hook or your workflow someplace to be processed, uh the request has to actually pass through all these layers.
First, it has to pass through your server. So, you actually have some protections that you can do here. And if we just drill into this web hook, the
server is what is responsible for uh firstly this URL that you see here, this actual string. The server is responsible
for this and it's also responsible for this HTTPS uh or this HTTP method. So when you're
first deploying N, uh it actually defaults to the HTTP. This is like sending a postcard via the mail where
the mailman can literally pick up the postcard um and they can see your private message and it's like putting
your bank information, your personal address, like all that stuff on the postcard. Um well, anyone can see it.
When you use HTTPS, this protocol is more secure. In the same kind of analogy, it's like uh sending a postcard
but in an envelope. So obviously people can tear open the envelope, but imagine it was like untrible or whatever. Now,
someone cannot actually see your hidden information inside it. So, it's a more secure protocol. So, we're going to be starting off with the server. Now, if
you're self-hosting N and you followed N's instructions, something like this, uh, most likely you do have it secured
anyway. Um, but I found in my experience when I first self-hosted NAN, it was a bit of learning to actually understand
all these different moving pieces. So I'm actually going to be explaining to you at a high level how Docker works,
what are these different containers that you're installing, what they do, and how they interact with like an external
service on the internet. This is just to give your hands a grip on the steering wheel so you know what's going on. Um,
and also just to do our eyes and cross RTS just in case there's something that's not configured correctly here. So
once this request passed through our server, the next line of security is actually at our web hook. So, back at
our web hook, there's a lot of videos about this already on YouTube, so I'm not going to try and reinvent the wheel. I'm just going to glide through here at
a high level. I'm just going to choose something like header, show you how to set it up. Um, and then we'll be done with this section. So, that means we've
got the server, we then have the web hook security, and now our final layer is once we pass the web hook, we can
actually put some workflow security as well. So, that's where we start looking at the rest of this workflow. So, for example, when we have the web hook, this
is the API key that we set. So like let's say you have a bank card and you got a pin code. This is the actual pin
code that we set ourselves if someone wants to interact with our system. But there's also another way that you can
set a pin code. Uh for example the like a secret signature which would validate that what you're receiving is from the
person you're expecting it from. So like Stripe, GitHub, Twilio, they would all use this signature method. To get this
uh signature method, we have to build it into our workflow. So I'm going to explain this. Um and while we're here,
we're going to be looking at different kind of data or payload validations as well. So once the data is actually in
our payload, we can still deconstruct it and make sure like, hey, is this the data that we're expecting for this payload? Um, and if it's not, we can
just throw it in the trash and not actually process it so we don't break our workflow. Uh, so we're not consuming
credits for no reason, so we're not in affecting our database. And there's other ways within the workflow that you can also um provide these additional
layers of security or even just data validation. Uh, so at least you make sure you're working with the right type of data or the right event or that
you're working with the data that you're expecting. So that means in this video we're actually looking at all these three layers and I think this probably
will be the most comprehensive um web hook security video you would see online. So you might be asking why is
web hook security so important. I would say it's like having a bank card with no pin code. If you have um a bank card and
you lose it somewhere and someone you know happens to find it then they can go to the bank they can touch your card on
any ATM and withdraw all your money. So as a security layer you put a pin code on your bank card. So that way if
someone finds your bank card, they cannot just go and, you know, to an any ATM, they have to have your pin code. Now, if they do have your PIN code,
maybe they're watching over your shoulder and they, I don't know, take your wallet. Then as a second layer, you can actually set a daily withdrawal
limit. So someone does take your bank card and they have malicious intent, they can put your PIN code in, they can draw withdraw 50 bucks. But if you set a
limit of 50 bucks per day, they actually can't withdraw anything else. So you have enough time to react and cancel your card. So that's why we want to
install as many PIN codes as possible into our instance and into our workflows. So, if I was to ask you like,
hey, would you put your bank card online somewhere? Um, the likelihood of someone finding your bank card is super low. So,
do you want to leave it without a pin code or with a pin code? Most likely you'll be like, I don't want to take any chances. I will put a pin code on my
bank card. Okay. So, the first place we want to look at is the server. So, uh, I've just followed these instructions
for n. So, this is deploying on Docker on Digital Ocean. Um, if you don't have
the similar setup, maybe you can just take what I'm saying and put it into chat gpt. But at a high level, these instructions actually tell you to pretty
much do two things. When you install Docker, imagine Docker is like a computer and n is saying to install two
programs. A program called Caddy and a program called NAN. And nan is what we're using. We all know what this tool
is. But what is Caddy? What does it do? So let's say we have the computer which is Docker. We install our N program or
an N container and this holds all the stuff that we're familiar with the user interface. We go on, we play the
workflow. Um we get interactions with the workflow. All that stuff is in this container. Then we have this thing called caddy. So the caddy container,
this is like the bouncer at the nightclub. So uh caddy is called uh it's a reverse proxy and a reverse proxy is
like the air gap between n and then the outside service of the internet. So um
when you first deploy n on docker technically it could be accessible by anything online. And you want to put a
an experience bouncer in front of your nan. So if anything comes in from the internet you're making sure like hey who
are you? what are you doing here? Um, you want to confirm the identity. Uh, also you can use the analogy of like an
office. So, let's say you go into like this high-rise building, lots of offices. You can't just go into the
fifth floor and go into a room. You first have to go to reception. They have to check you in. They've got to get your ID, confirm it. Then they say, you know,
wait in the waiting room once everything is verified. Then they'll send you up the elevator to your fifth floor. So,
Caddy is this like security check specifically for um N8N. And then the important thing that we need to know is
uh these port configurations. So uh at a high level what we're doing here is that
we're only letting an outside system communicate with nan through this port and we're not plugging that port into
the outside internet. Um we're only letting it be active within this docker computer within this um environment
here. So that means that any traffic that wants to come into nan can only come through caddy and then caddy we're
giving access to the outside world. So the responsibility of Caddy is to be that bouncer. Um it's got experience
with you know all sorts of different internet uh safety protocols. So that's why we're able to create these two ports
that are able to accept traffic from the outside. So the flow would be a third party system wants to interact with our
N8. It comes into one of these two ports. It goes into Caddy. Caddy verifies it, checks it, make sure
everything is good before sending it into N8N. So that means that this service actually never touches NAN
directly. So you might be asking what is port 80 and what is port 443? So these are very specific ports. Port 80 is for
HTTP protocol. That's when you're sending the postcard that anyone can read. And port 443 is specifically for
HTTPS when you're sending that postcard, but it's inside an envelope. Now, when you're deploying NAN on Docker for you
to set this up appropriately, so you have like this air gap. So you have NAN and then you have Caddy and N is only
allowed to have traffic from your Caddy container and then your Caddy is the bouncer that actually accesses the external services. to make these
settings in these configurations. A lot of that heavy lifting is done within the YAML file. So if you haven't deployed
via Docker, you might have a different like your configuration file might be called something different. But at a
high level, um what you want to do is you can just take screenshots of this or I'm going to post this um this file
within my school community. You can take screenshots, upload it into your chat GPT, put up your existing YAML file,
explain what you want to change, and just say, "Hey, can you just show me how I would adjust my own file to reflect these changes?" But at a high level,
what you want to be doing is for your caddy, this wants to be or this has to be accessible by the outside like by
third party services on the internet. So when you're mapping 80 to 80, this just means that any traffic from the outside
can be uh plugged into the traffic on the inside. So like anything from outside of caddy. So like the internet can come into within Caddy, like you're
just creating that tunnel. And same thing with 443 to 443. So that specific setting just means that you're mapping
this uh these two services together. So anything from outside can actually enter into port 43 uh 443 and it'll be routed
into into your caddy container. Now scrolling down to make sure that our nan is not visible to or not exposed to
anything within the internet because we want that bouncer that bouncer layer between us and the internet. Uh you're
not actually using the port. You're not saying ports. You're just saying expose. So when you say expose 5678 this port is
just what n runs on. So it's like the default port. This is only visible within the Docker network and it's not
exposed publicly. So when you're uh launching Docker, within Docker, there's like this built-in network kind of like
a Wi-Fi system just within Docker. Um and when you're exposing this port from non, it means it can receive traffic
from within Docker. So the next thing I want to speak about is this line here. So you may not have noticed this, but when you made your YAML file, you
actually set the domain for your URL. So if we go into our web hook over here, we
can double click into here. And when you see this URL, the structure nan.salzy.ai,
this is actually defined within the YAML file. That's one of the reasons why you have to do the DNS record where you have to point your domain to the IP address
of your server. That's exactly what you're setting up here. Then this protocol, the HTTPS, we use the envelope
is this protocol here. So nan protocol equals HTTPS. This tells nan to generate
these HTTPS URLs. And actually the interesting thing is that services like
Stripe or GitHub or Twilio will only send information to a HTTPS URL. So if
you were to use the HTTP that unsafe protocol, you won't be able to actually connect with these systems. So then we
have the web hook URL. So the actual structure of that URL that we're used to. Then you can keep going through here just take screenshots and put them into
your chat GPT. And then I've left a summary going over the uh the key things that we're doing in the CML file. So now
one final note when you're installing your systems on Docker, uh like I said before, Docker is your computer. You can
have this program for NAN. You can have this bouncer program that's protecting internet traffic into your NAN. You can
also install other things on here like you can have self-hosted LLMs. Um you could also have uh self-hosted vector
databases and then you can plug N into those systems as well. So then you can have three API calls for LLMs. Then you
can have uh self-hosted like nice self-hosted vector databases for your rag systems as well. So actually docker
is very versatile and there's a lot that you can do here if you want to build out really cool systems. Okay, so we've gone
over the highle configuration you need for your server. Again, most likely you've set it up correctly, but I just wanted to dot our eyes and cross our
tees to make sure that everything is set up correctly. Now the next thing we're looking at is the web hook security. So
for our web hook security, I'm just going to bring a web hook onto the canvas and I'm going to leave this
totally unsecured. So I'm just going to go to make this a post request and I'm
going to be using the test URL for now. So I'm just going to copy that. And now I'm across in a tool called Postman,
which is a way that you can test your API calls. So I'm just going to install this API call. It's a post request. I'm
pointing it to this URL. And then over here, I'm going to say uh I want to send a message key. and the value is just
going to be hello. So now back in our nan instance, I'm just going to go on to execute workflow and then back in
Postman, I'm just going to hit send. There we go. And we had message received, which is workflow started. And
now opening this up, we have the uh API call from Postman. And we can see over here we had the message key and the
value of that was hello. So we received our uh web hook event over here. Now, the interesting thing is that we were on
Postman and we could just go into our web hook and actually access the workflow. So, in order for us to install
one of these pin codes, I'm just going to go to one of these authentication methods and I'm going to use header or
and now let's actually create a new credential. I'm going to set the name as authorization and then for the value I'm
going to put 1 2 3 4 5 and let's just rename this to bar- test and hit save.
Okay, so now we have some authentication requirement here. here. So, we have a pin code on our web hook. And if I just
come back on here and go onto the canvas and I click execute workflow back in Postman, if I send the exact same
message again, authorization data is wrong. And then we can see the URL actually wasn't
triggered, which means that when we came to access the URL, we didn't have the pin code. We were not able to get inside. If I did want to access that web
hook URL, I would actually have to have the um the appropriate information. So, like the pin code to actually access. So
the key we had was authorization and then we had the password of 1 2 3 4 5.
So our workflow is still active ready to receive an event. And now if I hit send, there we go. Workflow was started. And
over in Nan, we actually received that and we were able to actually get into the workflow. So like I said before, there's heaps of videos on this already.
I'd want to reinvent the wheel. You can go out and watch those dedicated videos. But at this stage, we've spoken about the server security and now we've spoken
about the web hook security. So what I'm really interested in is now in the stuff that we can do once we get into the
workflow because even though they've passed through the server, passed through the web hook, we now have even more dynamic control in the workflow to
make sure, hey, is this actually coming from someone that we're expecting it from? And also, is the data correct? Is it in the right format? Are we expecting
this? Is this going to break anything? then we just want to get really confident and comfortable with taking data or um you know outside requests
that are not meant to be in our workflow and just taking them and then putting them in a trash but actually by logging
them. We want to log all of these events so that we can see at which point is a system failing for what reasons are API
calls being denied. Why is the data not being allowed to come into our workflow so that we can go upstream and try and make edits to the um to the partner
service that's accessing our system from the outside. So the first thing I want to look at is this signature. So we just
spoke about we have this um system where some you know someone already passes our server. So we already spoke about
someone comes into the web hook they have the appropriate API key or pin code that we set. But now we also want to do
a second level validation. So when you're working with services like stripe, github, twilio or for this video
I'm going to be demoing zenesk. They can also send a signature and then there's a way that we can actually take the
payload that we're receiving from this uh partner account. select Zenesk and we can actually process it using these
nodes in the workflow where we're comparing the uh the payload that we're receiving versus the signature and if
those two things don't match up then we know that we actually have to um not approve that signature check. So this is
like you and your friend have this uh special secret recipe and your friend makes the hamburger using the secret
sauce that only you have and that only he has. He makes the hamburger. He adds the actual secret sauce to the hamburger
and he sends it to you. Then you have to rebuild the hamburger in the same way. You add your secret sauce, which is the
exact same as his. And you check the flavors. You bite them into them both and you're saying, "Okay, they taste the same. It's coming from the same place."
So that's a bit of bit of a silly analogy, but we're actually reconstructing like that's the mechanism that we're doing here. So the way that
that system works is that Zenesk sends us a specific payload. In that payload, there's a bunch of information and some
of the information includes a signature, a timestamp, and then the overall um data that we're receiving is the body
itself. So once Zex Zenesk sends that API call to us, it can go through our web hook because we give it the same API
credentials. Once it makes it into our workflow, we're then making sure that this in fact is from Zenesk and this in
fact was not tampered with because let's say you have the postman, he gets your uh postcard, right? um in this in
instance we're not dealing with HTTP or HTTPS in terms of tampering that postman could actually get your um private
information and let's say you're requesting money from someone and you say hey bar send this money into my account here's my details the postman
can just erase your details and put his and then continue that message on to you and then you get that message and then you think okay this looks cool and then
you complete that transaction and it's obviously been fraudulent. So on our end we have this process uh where we
specifically take the time stamp from the body. We take the raw body from the actual payload from Zenesk and we we add
them together in this specific format and then we take the secret key that initially was like a handshake
agreement. We met up beforehand. We're like hey for all our stuff we're always going to use this specific secret key.
So Zenesk uses it to generate their signature and we're now using it to generate the signature as well. Um but
we use this specific payload. We get the time stamp, add it to the raw body, run the mechanism against the secret that we
have, and the output is a signature. So then we're comparing the signature that we received versus the signature that
Zenesk sent us. And if they're exactly the same, then we know it came from Zenesk and nothing was tampered with
because if the body was a little bit different, if the time stamp was a little bit different, then or if the SE or if the signature if anything was
different at all even by one degree, then the signatures wouldn't match up. So that's what we're doing over here. So with these three nodes, we're actually
running that entire process. So the first thing is we're taking the the uh payload from Zenesk and we're turning it
into a raw payload. So um I'll trigger this off in just a second, but we have to initialize the raw body over here.
When we receive a payload, it typically looks something like this where if I go to JSON here, you can see that it
actually it's formatted very nicely, very easy for us to see. But when you're receiving payloads, the raw body, the
unforatted is actually just a really long string. So all this stuff, imagine all this is just on one line. The the
thing that happens here is when you actually like pritify this to make it easier for you to see all these things
um every time you have this like a spacing here and it goes to the next line then this is the next line there's
these hidden characters that you don't actually see here. So um what we're doing is we're taking this as it comes
into nan and we're converting it to the raw form. So we're stripping all these hidden secret characters which basically
give it a really nice format of what we see now. So, we don't want these additional characters because that means when we create our recipe for the
burger, um we're going to have these extra characters that are going to make our signatures not the same. So, that's
what we're doing in this code node over here. We're just taking the uh the data that comes in for the web hook. We're
taking the raw body and then we're just cleaning it up so it's ready for us to use. We then have to use this crypto
node and we have to run some validation. So, I'm not going to go too deep onto this uh but we're basically using this
HMAC where HMAC is hashbased message authentication code. We're running it
through this type SHA 256. And then for the value, this is where we're taking the actual timestamp and then the raw
body. So, the time stamp is just from the web hook that we're receiving. The raw body is from that code node just in a previous step. We paste in the secret
key over here. So, those three things were the time stamp, the raw body, and then that secret key. And then we're using B 64 to encode. So you can take a
screenshot of this. Uh you can find information. You can just take this put it into chat GPT and you can get it to
explain this for you. Or if you want to use this specific setup um this specific authentication method, then you can also
ask it to explain for the tool that you're using. Now at a high level just to also be super clear here when you're
using one of these nodes like let me just zoom out something like action and app. If I was to use something like
Zenesk create a ticket. So, this is a pre-built node from uh this is actually not a web
hook event one. I just want to be super clear here. So, add another trigger.
Let's go from on app event and let's go zenesk. Okay, on new zenesk event. So,
when you're creating a trigger like this, the I'm pretty sure n under the hood is going to use this sender
signature method. So, all this like complexity stuff that we have here, it actually automatically does that. I'm
pretty sure. I actually haven't looked into the code so I I can't be certain but because of like safety protocols I think and and we'll just default to
this. So you don't actually have to do this check here. It should be built into the back end but uh when you're doing
triggers some of the events you might want to send might not be built out in the tool that you're that you're working with. So in that case if you're just
sending a web hook like to a web hook event um you might need to do this as as an extra layer of security. So uh once
we actually produce this specific um the key that comes out of here the signature we then use this if node and all we're
doing here is we're looking at the output of the uh crypto node and we're
comparing it to the signature that we got from the headers from the web hook from zenesk. So basically we have the
output of that crypto node that gives us the signature and then we're using the if node to compare to the signature from the zenesk payload. If those things are
good and it equals to true, we will then take the next route over here. And uh we can speak about that in a second. And if
it's not true, we're taking this false route. Um I actually like to use this. This is just a do nothing node. So it actually does nothing. I just changed
the name to make it super clear. Um uh we take the fail signature route and then we log that event in Google Sheets.
Now you should actually always log these events because you do want to see why upstream something is happening. So
let's say we're doing this for that authentication method, that really advanced one. Well, we want to know, okay, if it fails here, why is it
failing? Because that means someone that is not Zenesk sent it and that means someone that tampered with the information sent like someone tampered
the info. So, we might want to see like who is doing this? Um, we might want to find out what information they did they
tamper, what are they trying to access. But the two like the main thing we probably do is change the URL and change
the authentication. So you would come into here, you would just delete this web hook, reinstall a new web hook, you
would go into here, you would change your authentication credentials because this malicious party knew your authentication credentials. So you would
change this and then you would go into here um and for your web hook coming out of your service like Stripe, GitHub,
whatever. You would just go into there and generate a new secret key and then you would install that secret key into your crypto node because this is the
main thing you have to update. So that's what you would do if you actually had a failure event over here. So this is super important that you you know you
understand why these things are failing and why these things are happening. So now another thing that we can do is actually manage the payload. Now some of
these things will make a bit more sense in just a second like this stuff the process is actually going to run when we set up the Zenesk web hook and this is
also going to make more sense a little bit later. Uh but at a high level we're coming into here and the purpose of validating the payload is so let's say
for example in Zenesk I'm going to set it up so we only want to receive new ticket events. So in here I'm actually
checking that the event that we're receiving is called ticket.created. This is a very specific event. So this
workflow only manages new tickets. We want to do a specific set of in like steps over here. If we receive into here
for some reason an event that is not this. So for example, a ticket solved or ticket closed. Well, we don't want to
run it through this exact same process because we might generate a reply in this ticket created workflow. And that
means if someone closes a ticket and they get a brand new reply, they're going to be very confused. So we want to
be very careful with the data that we're putting it into our workflows. So a very basic check is to see, hey, is is you
know, we're receiving the right event or is it in the right uh structure. So that means if you're expecting a certain
payload, maybe it actually has uh five different keys that you must have for this workflow to be active. So you just
might map all these as if conditions into here and they all have to be met in order for you to proceed. Once again, if
if there if it doesn't actually match and it's not a ticket created event, log it. Go into your Google Sheets and log
it. So that way you can see, okay, what event is Zenesk sending us? Okay, they're sending us the wrong event. So
you go into Zenesk, you reconfigure your trigger over there, and you make sure that you're only sending the right info into here. And by the way, your stuff
when you're logging it, like if you don't know how to log things, it can just be super simple to start with. For example, I'm just using three columns.
The error date, the error time, and then the error reason. So the date is just in my local time zone. It's just a date
like this. Um then I have my local time and then I have what the reason was. And the reason is literally based on where
it fails. So if it fails here, it's a fail signature reason. If it fails here, it's a failed data reason. That's why
I've got failed signature, failed data. And then if this is the complexity, this is how sophisticated your initial system
is, so be it. Run it through, see what's failing, build it out better, just start with something. So now uh yeah, some of
the values of actually doing this payload verification validation is okay, the format's correct. It's the same data
that we're expecting. Um you manage your API costs because if you just kept putting all the events into here and you
didn't even know that you're sending five different event types, not only do you risk actually customer issues, so you're responding to all these tickets
when you shouldn't be, um but you might be doing LLM calls and uh you might be just wasting money on LLM calls that you
shouldn't even be spending in the first place. Also, database integrity. So, as you're logging these events, well, you
don't want to be logging um the incorrect ticket events into your ticket. So, let's say here your database is uh ticket is created, we generate a
first response. All you want in that specific Google sheet is just to see what ticket was created, what response
the AI generated, and then you might be comparing that. If you muddle it with tickets that are closed, and you're generating replies, well, you've now
just infected your database with incorrect information that isn't relevant to you and doesn't help you actually reach your goal. So those are
some of the values that you get when you're actually just doing this payload uh validation. Um and for me here
literally just looking at the event type is enough. So very simple if node very simple check uh but massive value for
cost, massive value for customer impact, massive value for database and just you know you're not you're not breaking your
workflow in case something doesn't really make sense. So it is a really good um yeah it's really good to do this stuff. Now I'm going to touch on these
two points very quickly as well. There's actually a bunch of um a bunch of web hook security information you can find
online. So this is not the full extent of stuff that you can do. I just want to give you an idea of things that you could do um to get started with easy
stuff. So you could also check for the time stamp. So pretty much every web hook you get typically has a time stamp
somewhere. So let's see if this Postman one had a time stamp uh or something here. User agent content length
authorization. Okay, maybe it doesn't have one here. But the point is that when you send your
API call from these third party systems, like an actual API call, we'll have a time stamp of when it was sent. If you
receive that event into your NA web hook, typically that is instantaneous. Like within a second, that event goes
from the source to your N scenario. So if you're expecting it within a second, but it takes 5 minutes, well, you might
say to yourself, okay, something seems a little bit fishy here. I'm not really sure what happened. um you know maybe
the data point expired and you can't really use it or maybe someone tampered with it and they kind of got through your system anyway. So in this case uh
you might not accept the workflow or you might put it into like a separate queue where it checks. So uh if the time stamp
is true it goes into your main workflow. It generates a response for the customer. If it's false it goes into a separate workflow or a separate bucket
where you might have a human in the loop. They just verify that and a human comes in and they say oh okay yeah no worries it took 5 minutes that's totally
fine for this one. and they might just you know give it a green tick and then it goes back into your main queue and then it gets executed. So you can still
gracefully handle these events but that is one method for uh like another web hook security method. Then you have also
event ID. So this is really interesting one. Let's say you're building out a like an app that has Stripe integration
and Stripe is hitting your web hook and it's telling you hey Bart just signed up to your event um or just purchased your
product. Please charge him 50 bucks. So in this case, we can actually inspect the payload from Stripe and see what was
the event ID. The event ID is always unique to that specific event. So maybe by accident, Stripe system stuffed up
and they double sent it to you. If you didn't actually check the event, so in in this in this specific instance, you
would take the event ID, you would log it to a database, and then you might have a check over here for events that
um takes a new web hook, takes the payload, sends it off, like logs the logs the actual event ID in the
database, but compares the event ID. Do we have any of these already? because if it's unique, you should only have one.
If one already exists, it just means that okay, it was a duplicate API call. We shouldn't actually process this one.
So to handle it gracefully, you could either just can it immediately or you could put it into a human in the loop
and maybe there's some reason that it was doubled up for for the event. Um but the concept here is that yeah, instead
of double processing API calls, uh you can just make sure that everything is uniquely processed. So these are some more uh features or there's some more
security steps you could do. So, another thing that I actually didn't mention here, which you may have come across is like rate limits for API calls. Some of
the services that you're using, if you're using OpenAI, um if you're using Open AI and you just signed up and you have like a level zero account, you're
going to have lower API calls, which means the amount of API calls you can place per minute is going to be uh more
restricted. So, let's say your maximum is 10 API calls per minute. Um they they're basically OpenAI is throttling
you. They have a mechanism to only accept from your specific address 10 max per minute. So, let's say you have a
malicious person and they somehow find the information that gets access into your workflow. Well, they might just
start sending heaps of requests, right? And they could send 5, 10, 15, or 1,000 in a minute. And if all of them keep
getting through, uh, then that might mean that before you actually catch it, they've just spent through a,000 LLM
calls and it might cost you a,000 bucks in costs. So, actually, one thing you can do is rate limiting. Now, rate
limiting would be uh completed by one of these types of services. So, I think on a workflow level, you could possibly um
use something after it hits the web hook and send it off to this rate limiting service, but really what you want to be doing is is using this air gap over here
to actually rate limit before it hits your web hook. Just by the way, so what that means is that this um this security
guard bouncer would be the person that's rate limiting. Caddy, I think, can rate limit, but there's other providers that
like another system, like a different bouncer that's specialized in rate limiting that you might want to use. But yeah, this is where you would set it up.
So that means that whenever a specific uh person sends some traffic into one of these ports, HTTP, HTTPS, you will have
like a requirement here that says, hey, if too many requests are coming from one specific address, we want to ban them or
we just want to process 20 max at a time. So rate limiting is yes, for security, but it's also maybe just for
workflows in general. Like in your N um YAML file, you can also set how many
workflows max you want to execute at one time just for like performance reasons. So that rate limiting could, you know,
there's multiple reasons why you might do it, but it's also for malicious people trying to send a thousand API calls at once to just make you rack up
lots of LLM credits. So now the final thing I want to do is just set up a Zenesk API call that goes into this web
hook and just show you this entire process of how it looks with a data. So I'm across in my Zenesk account. I'm
going to go to admin center. And now I'm just going to go to here and type in web hook. So I want to create a new web
hook. And a web hook is just basically um it's like having a phone number. So on top of my web hook, I have to create
an event or a trigger so that it gives it a reason to actually fire off some communication to the web hook. So I'm
going to choose Zenesk events. And for this, I'm going to go ticket events. And this is not so important for you to know. I'm just going to go ticket
created. So now every time a new ticket is created in my instance, it's going to fire off this web hook. And that web
hook is going to send some information across to my nan instance. So now I'm going to go to next. Let's call this
bart- test. for our endpoint URL. We're going to come here and grab this URL.
Let's go to uh the test URL. It's in post. So, we have this test URL. We're
using the post method. We're actually locked into this. So, we have to make sure our N web hook is using this method, which it is. Now, I'm going to
go for API key, and we're just going to use the same authentication from before. So, we're going to go authorization
header 1 2 3 4 5. So, that means in our web hook, we have to come back here and use the BART test. That's the same one
that we set up at the start of this video. Okay, cool. And now I want to test the web hook. So then over here we have the uh example body that we're
receiving. So this is not actual real ticket information. This is just completely made up. Um but the actual
structure. So like account ID, detail, actor ID, all the stuff on the left hand side, this light green color is exactly
what we're going to receive from Zenesk every single time. And the stuff on the right hand side, that's the dynamic stuff. So depending on a ticket channel,
it might say it's from the emails or SMS depending which group does, you know, depends which customer. So the stuff on
the right hand side will change. So, let's open up our uh web hook to be receiving events. And I'm just going to
drop down here because I want to use the development web hook. I'm going to go boom, open it up. Now, in Zenesk, I'm going to go send test. Nice. Workflow
was started. So, now we received the packet of information from Zenesk. And since we had raw body, we actually get
the binary data, but we can go to JSON and actually see what information was sent. And we can see here this this is
the body, the account ID, all the stuff that we saw before all the way down to I think here, that's the actual payload
from Zenesk. So in our earlier graphic that's the actual payload that we're receiving from Zenesk and we received it
into our NAN scenario. We had the authentication key. So the authorization header of 1 2 3 4 5. So we're able to
get into the web hook. But now the second layer of security is here. So now uh we actually failed this
authentication because I never put in our secret key. But just so we see what happened over here. We had the data that
came in from Zenesk. We converted it into the binary format. We stripped away all the special characters. And then we
received this raw body over here on the right hand side. So now going into the crypto node, we got that information
from the zenes. So we had the actual signature uh we had the actual time stamp and then we also had the raw body
from the code node. We processed it using the secret key which was actually incorrect. And then in our if node uh
those two things didn't match up. So we actually took the false branch. So in order for me to get the secret key, I
have to come back into here. I'm just going to go create web hook. I'm going to go back into the web hook that I created. And now I have this um
additional secret key created for us for our web hook. So I'm going to go to reveal secret. I'm going to copy this.
Back in my N scenario, I'm going to update this secret. Backspace this. Paste it into here. Let's hit save. And
now if I come back into Zenesk, I'm just going to go and test this again. So I'm going to go test web hook. And now when I come back into here and open up my web
hook and from Zenesk, I'm going to go send test. Okay, awesome. Workflow has started. Now we actually have the
successful route. So if we go back into here once again, just the binary conversion of the data that we received.
We then ran through the same process as before. So we got the timestamp plus the raw body. We had the updated secret key
and then our if node returned true because the signature that we got from Zenesk and the actual signature that we
created ourselves using our secret recipe was actually the same. So we took the true branch. But then now over here
we got into an error because I haven't configured my AI agent. It's just outside the scope of this demo. But if I come back into this if node, we actually
had the event type was equal to ticket created. So if I actually just go back here and I open up this web hook and I
go into JSON. Oops. Nope. I'm in the wrong one. The web hook. No, I want to go JSON here. There we go. I should be
able to find the ticket. Uh, what are we looking at? Event type. I think it's
down the bottom here. There we go. I'll just zoom in. We had the type which is Zen event type which
is ticket created. So that means that this is this whole information that we received is from a brand new ticket and
that's what we got over here brand new ticket. So if I actually just change this to ticket.solved we would take the
false branch we would log this and not process the data. All right guys thank you very much for watching this video. If you want to access any of these
resources like this template or the actual YAML file I'm going to have it available in my school community. And if
you've actually watched up until this point and you are interested in improving your technical skills when you're building with NAN, like if you
didn't know any of this stuff existed, but you found it very interesting and maybe your clients are asking about this, or you want to run workflows for
your business, but you're scared about what could possibly go wrong if you're actually running in production cuz you just don't know this stuff. Um, this is
the exact type of stuff that we're actually speaking about in my community. I made this video because last week on one of our calls, one of the community
members spoke about this and I thought, okay, I'll just put a very comprehensive deep dive that covers like the majority
of areas that you should know if you want to start building workflows. So, for more conversations like this, definitely um come join the community.
I've got a 7-day free trial, so you can jump in, jump out if you want. All right, guys. Thanks very much for watching and I'll see you in the next"

"Transcript


Search in video
Hello legends. In this video, I'm going
to show you the top five mostused nodes
in Nan and then explain to you how to
use them. So, how do I actually know
what the top five nodes are? Well, Nan
makes their 4,743
workflows publicly available on their
template page. So, I was able to pull
out all those workflows, bring them into
cursor, and then run an analysis on
them. Um, actually, I got more than
4,700. Let me just run this script and
show you how many I have. Let me just
zoom in. So, out of all the workflows
that I had, I was able to bring out uh
5,700 workflows. Now, that's actually
1,000 more than what n makes publicly
available, which means somehow I've got
an extra thousand workflows to play
around with. So, this script also pulls
out for us what the top 10 most common
nodes are. We have sticky notes. We have
HTTP nodes which is the API call, a set
node, code node, if node, and for this
video, we're just focusing on these
five. But we also have the Google Sheets
node, the AI agent node, the OpenAI AI
agent node, a manual trigger, which is
just to start the workflow, and then the
Telegram node as well. So, if you end up
liking this video and you want to see a
part two, let me know and I can record
something for these five nodes as well.
But for now, let's just go onto the
canvas with these first five. So, we're
across an NA and let's let's actually
bring a sticky note onto the canvas. And
I mean, this is a really good example of
already why a sticky note is the mo one
of the most popular nodes. Um, you can
see here it's been used uh 22,000 times
across those 5,700 workflows. Uh,
whereas the next most used is 7,000
times uh with the HTTP node. So, there
are three times more sticky notes to
HTTP nodes. And um I think this really
comes down to like the power of the
sticky note. And it seems a little bit
silly because it's not really part of
any workflow. Um it doesn't actually,
you know, process logic. It's not an
actual API call, but I think in some
cases it's just as powerful. So the
first use case um is actually stemming
from collaboration. So N itself uh
allows you to share workflows and also
have multiple people working on a
workflow at one time. So when you share
a workflow, especially if you go to like
n and you download something, it's very
common for you to get a sticky note that
has a set of instructions on the lefth
hand side that explain, hey, make sure
you set up this credential. make sure
you plug this thing into that thing. Um,
and it basically gives you an
instruction guide of how to get the
workflow running. Now, if you're
collaborating with different people on a
workflow and let's say you have
something like built out like this, you
have a trigger node. Um, you might have
an AI agent node, which by the way, this
is that first AI agent that we saw over
here. That's the lang chain AI agent.
And just to show you the Open AI agent,
that's going to be this one over here.
So, we go AI uh then we have Open AI and
message and assistant. So, this is the
these are both the AI agent nodes that
we just saw. But let's say you're
building out a workflow and you're like
halfway through and you're going to be
handing this off to your um like to
someone else to help build out the
workflow. You might actually put a
sticky note at a certain part and just
say like, "Oh, you know, I'm stuck here.
I need help with this part." So if you
ever get stuck, um you might also use
the sticky note if you want to get
assistance with a specific workflow. So,
let's say we had a switch over here. And
for my specific use case, um, let me
just bring in another
add a routing rule, route one, rename to
route two. And let's say while I'm
building this thing out, I know what I
want to do for route one. So, I might go
to a code node. But then for route two,
I actually have no idea how to do like
whatever has to be done here. Um, or the
person that I'm working with might be
taking over the workflow.
So if they're taking over the workflow,
I might just leave a placeholder note
here to say, "Hey, I've built out my
first section. You know, I'm stuck over
here. Give me a hand." Or this is where
you take over, so finish off this
workflow. Now, that's the use case for
collaboration. It's very, very popular.
Now, another reason why I personally use
sticky notes is when I'm working on
client workflows and I'm like handing it
off to the client, uh even though I'm
the only person managing that workflow
for them, I just want to remember what
I've built out and like what's going on
in a workflow. There might be like five
or 10 workflows for one client. I might
have 10 clients. So, if I have a hundred
workflows, like how can I quickly come
into the workflow, get up to speed with
what's going on? Um, what are the
integrations here? If I was stuck myself
and I'm going to be fixing it later,
like what's happening? Um, also if I
want to be introducing new routes and
like kind of keep modifying the build,
um, you know, I kind of leave it
breadcrumbs for myself to come back and
understand exactly what's going on. So,
we have collaboration, we have personal
use and like client handover. And then
another use case for uh sticky notes is
if you're actually building your
workflow for the first time and you want
to introduce some kind of governance
into it. So let's say when you're
testing with your test variables in a
test environment, you might be actually
triggering the workflow from the um
execute workflow node. By the way, this
node is literally top nine most used
nodes, the manual trigger node. So in
this case, I might get a sticky note and
while I'm building this out in this
testing environment, so let's just go
testing
and I would just bring this across like
this. and I'll explain, you know, where
the variables come from for the testing
mode. Um, what we currently need to do
or even just to highlight, hey, this
node, this way that you start the
workflow is just for testing. Then I
might actually have a um a production
ready node, which is when I've done my
testing, I already know how my
production is going to be going. So I
might have a trigger that is coming from
something like um Gmail. Let's just find
the Gmail node.
Gmail. go into our triggers and then
maybe on a new message received and then
now I know this is my production it's
gonna be from my production environment.
So production here I flick it into here
as well and now you can see my workflow
it's ready to be tested or when I'm done
being uh when I'm done testing it I
already know what my production state's
going to be as well. So these are some
of the most common use cases for sticky
notes. Um and now that we understand
like how to use them, how to apply them
to the workflow, let's actually start
understanding about um what's possible
like what's the formatting options that
we have available to us. So the first
thing we see on the NAN sticky note
documentation is um yep sticky notes
allow you to annotate and comment on
your workflows. Nan recommends heavily
to use sticky notes on template
workflows to help understand your to
help others understand your workflow. So
this is all about collaboration. So
we're not just speaking about template
workflows. We're now looking at like
personal workflows that we're doing for
you know for clients production ready
ones or even for ourselves. Um always
use sticky notes. They're really good to
kind of leave logs of what's going on,
what you need to do for yourself. Um, I
actually even do it for my personal
workflows. I got sticky notes
everywhere. So, let's scroll down and uh
I want to bring our attention to okay
markdown. So, when you're writing on
sticky notes, they're actually written
in markdown format and that's what gives
you the ability to have like thicker
text for for different headings if you
want to do asterisks. Um, so basically
all the styling within the actual sticky
note itself as well as any hyperlinks or
videos or images that you want to add.
So, you can literally just copy this.
Let's go out to our workflow. Let's
bring let's go into this one. Let's
backspace everything that's here and
paste in this sticky note. So, you can
see, let's just expand this. We have a
bunch of different formatting formatting
options here. Um, we have just regular
text with this bolded over here a little
bit. We have the H1, H2, H3. We have an
example of a link that we can click. We
have bullets and then we have numbered
lists. Back in the documentation, we
also have the uh ability to introduce
images and also embed videos. Um, so you
guys can explore that a little bit later
on. Uh, but what's really cool is that
you can just chat with the docs and you
can just say something like create me a
sticky note for a workflow that will
process new emails in a Gmail inbox. And
now this AI which is trained on the
resources from NAN documentation will be
able to help us um get that process
started. So, so let's copy this, go
across to our uh sticky note. Let's
backspace everything. Paste this in. And
now let's just fix up the very end of it
which is we don't need this at all. For
more details, go to see this
documentation. And then I think up a
little bit here. Here's a sticky note.
So let's just remove all this stuff.
That's just from a general AI response.
But now if we paste this here, we
literally have an initial instruction
set for um how to run this specific
workflow. We could have given more
information into that um chatbot so we
can understand a little bit better. But
as you see here, it's already a nicely
structured sticky note um for ourselves
following all the principles of markdown
format and then being able to go across
through different um different
hyperlinks. So let's actually click on
this and see where it takes us. There we
go. We've got some information about how
to use the Gmail trigger node and then
over here the node message operations as
well. So it actually takes us to
different documentation to make sure
when we hand this over people are also
familiar with how to use this. Okay, so
I think we spent enough time looking at
these sticky notes. The next thing we
want to look at is the HTTP request. So
this is when you want to make API calls.
Let's go across to here. Let's actually
bring something onto the canvas. We got
the H Whoops. HTTP request. There we go.
Okay. Okay, so the HTTP node allows you
to communicate with third party systems.
So think of things like Facebook or
Instagram, uh Slack for chatting,
Salesforce or HubSpot for like salesy
stuff, Zenesk for customer support,
ClickUp for task management, all these
like all these different third party
systems. If you ever want to build a
workflow where you can actually like
speak out to that specific system, you
typically do that by using a HTTP node.
Um at a high level, these uh there's a
bunch of different methods. So a method
is essentially a way of communication.
Just like if I've got a phone call, I
can place a call, I can receive a call,
I can send a text message, I can receive
a text message. Well, with an API call
or this HTTP request node, you can make
a call to delete something to get
something um to uh send something
somewhere to update something. So all
different methods of actually
interacting with these third party
systems. And then the next thing is this
URL. So the URL is like the phone number
for the mobile phone. Usually the URL is
uh tends to be pretty specific to the
system that you're interacting with. So
this is like the endpoint or the
specific address that you want to target
with this HTTP call. Authentication just
like when you go into your Facebook, you
can't you can't just go into your
friend's Facebook without giving the
email and password. Authentication is
just a way to increase security for HTTP
nodes when you're interacting with these
third party systems. Then you have a
bunch of different settings here like
sending headers which basically dictate
the format of communication. And then
you have a body which if you ever want
to make a change to one of these third
party systems, you send the body and the
body typically includes the instructions
of what you want to do. All right, so
let's actually take this baby for a run
and let's just create an API call
together. So I'm actually going to be
doing a web search API by using
perplexity. And a really cool way to
actually create these API calls is by
clicking on this import curl. So curl
command um is basically a standardized
description of how the API call is
formatted. So across in the perplexity
API documentation, let me just zoom in a
little bit. We have the chat completions
endpoint and this is for generating a
response um basically search the web and
generate a response to a question. On
the right hand side over here we have
the documentation for how to actually
make this API call and we can see all
these really cool things like the method
which is post which is this stuff that
we're looking at here. So it's a post
request. Then we have the specific
endpoints that URL the specific address.
We have the header for the
authentication so like the password and
username. another header to explain the
format of this API call. And then the
data is just the body part, the very
end, which is um we're basically
describing the instructions for the API
call of what we want to do. So in this
case, we're going to be sending a set of
instructions for what do we want to
search on the web. Now it's already set
to curl. We can just copy this curl
request like this. And back in nan,
let's go on to this import curl. Let's
paste this into here. And I'm just going
to click import. And now this
functionality is going to strip away all
those instructions and then paste them
into this HTTP call. So we can actually
use this API call. Now everything is
pretty much set to go. Just the two
things we want to change are one our
authorization. So we've got the bearer
and then we have this value that we need
to put into here which is the API token.
Um actually we're missing one of the
headers. We also had this header over
here for content type. Okay, there we
go. So this is a little bit debugging
while we're flying through this uh demo.
We want to add another header. So I'm
going to go add parameter and I'm going
to say this is content type. And I'm
going to come back into here and say
application JSON. So, I don't really use
the curl request myself. I just like
building out the API call manually
because you avoid these little things.
Like, I mean, I'm pretty familiar with
API calls, but if you weren't familiar,
you might you might put it into here and
just not understand why it's not
working. So, yep. First thing is the API
token that we need to get. And then
scrolling down here in the body, uh, how
many stars are there in a galaxy? We
might want to change this uh dynamically
by using the AI model to to basically
choose for us what the question is that
we want to search. So, we're just going
to be starting off by getting our API
key. And to do that, I'm in my
Perplexity account. Let's go to create
API key. I'm just going to call this
test create key. Awesome. Let's copy the
value. Go back in n and let's paste this
here. And now, if I just go to execute
step, it should actually make the API
call and just do that stars question.
What was it? How many stars are there in
a galaxy? So, let's bring this out.
Let's wait for this API call to be
finished. And we have okay, citations.
So, all the different websites that were
visited to get the answer. Um, and then
the actual answer here. Wait, no, this
is actually some more search results.
Where's the answer, guys? Content. There
we go. Roll assistant content. There are
approximately 100 to 400 billion stars
in the Milky Way. Okay, so now let's say
we want to plug this to an assistant.
So, let me just get this assistant out
of here. Sorry guys, I want to break up
the workflow. So, about that. Let's
bring this. Okay. So, yeah. Now, I don't
know why I was a little bit of a silly
goose there. So, if you want to make a
HTTP request for your AI agent node, you
cannot just use the standard U node that
goes onto the canvas. You have to use
the HTTP request tool, which is a circle
shape versus a square shape. Let me just
quickly take all this information from
here and paste it into here. Okay, and
I'm done. So, I literally just copied
everything across. Post method, that
endpoint, the two headers for
authorization, and then my API key
stuff, content type, and then the body
at the very bottom. Now, the only thing
is that now that it's plugged into this
AI agent, let's just get the um AI model
here as well. It's plugged into the
agent, but it's not dynamic. Right now,
it's a static API call because if we
ever shoot off on this tool, we don't
have like this is going to be literally
this is going to be sent every single
time. So, if you're building a customer
support agent for your for your team, um
it's only going to be asking how many
stars are there in a galaxy. And I don't
think that's going to be the right
answer for your customer support. So,
what you want to do is there's actually
two ways that you can do this. the first
way which is basically copying this
entire JSON saying let the AI model
decide adding a description here and now
we're basically saying let the parent
agent decide what the body is meant to
be um and we're giving a description of
how the body should look so it knows but
instead of this I'm going to dynamically
say um
user question for example then I can
placeholder it like this now this is one
way of dynamically inserting the
question from the AI into this search so
you can actually just search whatever
you want to search. Um, but another way
is to use the from AI function. Okay, so
now we're in the from AI um
documentation for N. And basically u on
activating this button, the AI agent
will fill in the expression for you. So
from an I is an expression that will
dynamically allow the agent to kind of
insert a question, a text, some kind of
value or input. Um, and it can be as
simple as this. So it's the from AI
function and then you have some kind of
uh variable that you need the agent to
fill out. if you want to add some more
descriptions into it, um you actually
have some more possibility of what to
include in that function. So no matter
what, you must always have the main
parameter. So the main key that is like
compulsory and that's always a string. A
string is just like a free text, like a
sentence of text. Um it can be a word or
it can be multiple words or you know
like a sentence. Um if you want to give
more specific specificity,
if you want to make it more specific for
your agent, you can also include the
description, the type of variable that
you want and the default value in case
it returns nothing. You might want to
have like a fallback uh var variable for
type. Um you can actually have the
specific output that the agent brings
in. Um you can make it a string which is
the word or a bunch of words, numbers
only, boolean which is a true or false
or JSON if it's going to be like um a
bunch of different variables in a
packaged format, but that always just
flattens down to a string. So an example
here is you have from AI and you have
the name. So the agent's going to be
giving you the name. So let's say the um
our parent agent N was working with
Bart. That's what he would insert into
here. Then the description of where to
pull the name from, what format the
actual delivery of that um of the name
should be in. So it's a string. And then
a fallback in case in case he can't
realize that he's speaking with Bart,
he's going to just say, "Okay, Jane do
as the fallback name." Um so in our
case, we're going to be using a from AI
function. Let's actually get the chat to
help with this. So I've just written um
hey documentation from nan. I'm building
an API call in the HTTP node. I need um
I need a from AI function. I think I
just said this in the wrong order, but I
need a from AI function to basically fit
into here. Like what what's the from AI
function that I can just copy and paste.
So, let's see what it does here. Um I
think sometimes from AI functions might
be a little bit confusing. Um I don't
really use them too much. So, um yeah, I
typically I I'll probably struggle doing
this just by hand. Let's see what it
gives out for us. So, we have this user
question, the question to ask. Okay, let
me just get this thing all the way to
the very end here. And it's given us the
entire uh from AI function, which is
really cool. So, back in Nan, if we just
go back to the original setting of just
using the JSON and putting the JSON
here, we're not actually using this let
the model define it over here. We're
just going to come into here, remove the
actual question, and then paste in our
from AI. Let's go across to expression,
and it's going to dynamically insert
into here. So now we have the user
question that's going to be inserted
into this API web search and it's the
question that the user wants to ask and
the format's going to be a string. So
it's like a series of of words. All
right. So now let's test it out. So I've
just got a uh a node plugged into the AI
agent so I can actually trigger it. And
then for the agent input message I'm
just saying what is the weather in
Melbourne. That's the question we
essentially want to search using the
perplexity API. And then for my system
instructions I've just got use the tool
to answer the question which is a very
high quality set of system instructions.
Let's see what the answer is. Okay.
Okay, and there we go. The current
weather in Melbourne is uh it's sunny
with areas of morning frost. Let's
actually make sure that the API call
asks the correct question. So, um how do
we actually just see this? Let's open
this up. What is the weather in
Melbourne? So, using this from AI
function that was literally just
generated by the AI on the NA NAT
documentation. Um we didn't have to
worry about it. We just gave it the
instructions that we needed and it
created a function for us. And then it
searched the correct sources. So, we've
got the bureo bureau of meteor
meteorology. Goodness gracious me. Um,
and then a bunch of search results and
then the answers. And that's how the AI
agent was able to pull out what the
weather in Melbourne is right now. Okay.
So, now that we looked at the first two
most popular nodes, uh, what do we have?
Sticky note and HTTP request. We now
have the set node. Um, okay. Let's go
into the set node straight away then.
So, we've got the agent response over
here in the specific output. Let's say a
very easy example of the set node. Let's
just type in set into here. um instead
of having the output variable defined as
output, let's just say we want to map
this to something called
weather and now we have the value which
is just this thing. So if we now bring
this here and execute this uh very silly
example but now we basically change the
we're mapping a new variable with an
answer or some kind of input. So in this
case yes it is weather. Now another
really cool use case for this edit
fields there's actually a bunch of
different use cases. Um the next use
case is if you ever want to get the
current
current time, current date, whatever you
want to do. Um same thing for this. So
you can actually use built-in uh time
and date methods to bring the current
date, the current time um into your nan
workflow. Sometimes it's important like
if you got a customer support workflow
and you've got an SMS assistant, you
might not want to SMS people after
business hours um or outside of business
hours at like 9 or 10 p.m. at night.
It's just a little bit weird. Um, so you
could have a check in your workflow to
see, hey, is it within business hours?
If it is, send a message. If it's not
within business hours, do not send a
message. Just wait until it's like 9:00
a.m. Then, you know, then text them. So,
let's get this now method. And back in
our workflow, let's open up double
squiggly bracket. Let's go now. And over
here, you can see the actual time and
date um of what what is currently um the
time zone that's attached to this
workflow. So, that's a really important
thing. So we have now um but my time
zone for this specific workflow my
actual entire work workspace time zone
is not my Melbourne time zone for some
reason I've just let it be default to
Europe Berlin but I'm not in Berlin
right now um I am in Melbourne which
okay there is not there I think then
Sydney is my next Whoops Sydney is my
next closest one so if you are going to
use time and date in your workflows um
you can actually change the time zone
per workflow if you are building
something for your client um just make
sure that you know wherever that system
is operating in uh it's the appropriate
time zone then you can just save this
and that's going to be reflected across
to the actual time and date of your uh
now variable. So this is really cool
because now this means on the output so
on the right hand side here we have the
actual weather of Melbourne and then we
have the current time and date which we
can plug into like an AI agent step and
say um hey if the user is messaging on
this specific date between these hours
um you know give them a coupon or
something like that. Now I'm going to
actually um keep skipping across to the
next node. So we have the edit fields
node for setting variables for bringing
new variables into the canvas. for
example, that like current time and
date. Um, but what I want to speak about
is actually the code node. Above all
else, I don't really uh I don't really
use the set node too much. I use the
code node a lot. The if node, I use it
sometimes. Um, but I typically use the
switch node more. So, I mean, this might
not be your top five that you use. Um,
but yeah, just cool to see. Anyway, so
for the code node, uh, you can
essentially do the exact same thing with
the uh with the actual data manipulation
nodes um, by using the code node. Just
the only thing is the code node is
you've got to code it out yourself
versus these are like preconfigured um
pre preconfigured templates that you
just apply and it does one specific task
for you. So let's say we wanted to do
the exact same thing with the code node.
Then what I would do is just get the
code node over here. Actually before we
do that let me just make this a more
soph like more complicated output cuz I
mean just using a code node for one
variable is very simple. Let's just make
a new output here. Okay. Okay, I'm just
going to say uh just like before, use
the tool to answer the user's question,
but when you're outputting your
response, give us a couple more uh
variables, a couple more keys into the
response. The first is the actual
response for the uh user's question.
Then what language is it? And then what
is the intent as well? So, it's just
going to be making up some of this stuff
here for us. Let's execute this. And
now, again, we just want to have more
variables to work with. So, we can
actually see the like the power of the
code node. Okay, nice. Now, it's a
little bit hairier. So, we still have
one output variable here, but you can
see it's like nested with a response.
Then we have language over here and then
intent over here. So we got three
different variables. Whoops. Within this
one package of information that we want
to break up um using this code node. So
uh actually and just to show you why
this is pretty cool. If you just pull
this into the set node and we go over
here, you can't actually you can't you
know you can't really pull out those
three different variables um from the AI
node. So okay, let's let's imagine that
we have to use the code node for this.
Then I'm going to copy this entire thing
and I'm going to go across to chat GPT.
So all I've written is uh I'm in nan
write me a code node for nan. I double
down on the nan thing because sometimes
it doesn't realize that you're within
the nan like the the guard rails of n
and it writes you code that you cannot
actually use. So I'm within nan. Take
this output that I just literally just
copied from the canvas and parse it to
break up all those three variables into
accessible variables now. So let's hit
run. Okay, cool. So now we have our
output. Okay, so let's paste it into
here. And now we'll just go execute
step. And then on the right hand side,
let's now go into this set node
actually. And let's look at these
separate variables. So we have the
response which is the AI weather
response. Let's take this. Let's
backspace it and put it into here. Cool.
And then we can actually map our
language as well. I mean, we don't
really need to set these um these
variables like this because since
they're already broken up into these
three variables by using the code node,
they already exist um on the canvas
anyway. Uh but just for just for
demonstration intent and then get
weather and if we just hit execute now
on the right hand side we just have
those variables again. So it's not
really worth it for us to actually re uh
remap these variables but at least now
you see how the system works. All right.
And now our final node to look at is the
if node. So the if node is a very um
it's a very common like logic node which
basically um you input some data into it
and then it makes a decision for you.
So, uh, I've actually had to restart the
workflow because, um, yeah, something
happened over here and my canvas started
screwing up. So, let me just bring on
the same details onto the canvas. We're
just asking what is the weather. We're
bringing it into the code node and then
we're putting it into the edit fields
node. So, now if we just go to the if
node and this is a really easy way for
us to make like a basic decision to
split the workflow either to path A or
path B. We can say something like, well,
we have weather over here. We have the
current time, the language, the intent.
Okay, so I actually got a really good
one here. Let's say we've got a customer
support workflow and we want to be able
to distinguish between or basically um
pipe into different agents based on
language. So now that we have this
language variable over here which is
equal to English. If we have this equal
to English, we will um output true.
Otherwise, we're going to output false.
So if I execute the step, it's going to
take the true branch. And then you see
over here that the live wire is the true
wire, which means the information is
going to be continuing down here. I'm
just going to get a do nothing just to
show that like we're taking this
specific route. Okay. and do nothing.
Let's execute this and does nothing and
then the information is still carried
across. Um, some little nuance here. If
we go lowercase E, by the way, and we
execute the step, it's going to go to
the false branch. It's got false because
it's not an exact match. It actually has
to be um like upper like uppercase E
spelled the exact same way it is this.
So, it's like it has to be the exact
same. So, we have the English thing, but
some other cool things we can do are um
sometimes you want to you want to know
if a variable exists or not. If a
variable doesn't exist, you might want
to retry the actual workflow. Um, if the
output is null, if the output is
completely empty, that might be a signal
for you to actually take a different
route. So, let's say we take this
weather variable. Well, we've got a
bunch of different options here that we
can actually check with. So, we're
dealing with a string. Now, um, like we
were mentioning at the start of this
video, you have a bunch of different
formats that you can do with the, um,
from AI, which is um, you had number,
which is just using actual digits only.
You had strings, which are words or like
sentences, bunches of like text. you had
boolean true and false. But in this
case, you also have like um decisions
based on does it exist, does it not
exist? Um and then you have some
different uh data formats as well. In
this case, we're dealing with a string.
So you also have these other options of
like exists. So right now we can execute
the step because it does exist. It's
going to take the true branch. But let's
see if we can try and make this weather
thing false. So uh is empty. Okay. So if
it's empty, let's see what happens here.
It's going to take the false false
branch because it's not empty. This is
statement is not true. So take the false
branch. So that means um it does not
exist. We just tried it. Actually
exists. So if it does exist, it takes a
true branch. Uh let's now do something
like contains. Okay. So if the weather
contains the word, let's say Sydney,
which it shouldn't because we're asking
for the Melbourne weather, and that's
false because the word Sydney does not
appear in this text at all. So I mean,
for this example, it's kind of like hard
for us to see why we would be able to
filter out by word. Um but there's a
bunch of different use cases where this
if node is pretty valuable. So we have
does not start with um ends with
something specific. Does not end with
matches regular expression does not
match regular expression. So a bunch of
different ways that you can actually um
uh kind of check or basically confirm if
statements are true. So you can take a
true branch or a false branch if you're
working with numbers. Once again, if
there was a response, does it exist?
Does it not exist? Is that specific
value empty? Um if you want to go, okay,
this might be an interesting one. So if
we go for this uh current time and date
and then we go down to here and we say
time and date if the time and date
exists it should take the true because
it actually does exist. Um if the time
and date is let's say uh is after and
let's bring this onto the canvas just so
I can make this equation finish. So this
is the current time and date. Uh let me
backspace this. And for this statement I
want to check if it's this is 23. Uh
let's make that
40. So this should be in the future. So
this is this should be actually a false
branch. Okay. So the current the current
time and date is like is 2330 or
whatever it was before and I've just
bumped up the time by like 10 minutes.
Um and actually taken the false branch
because now is not because it's not
after this time. So you can see you've
actually got a bunch of different data
types that you can compare against. Um
one that I like to use is actually this
does it exist or does it not exist as a
check to basically see if I should retry
that part of the workflow. All right
guys, and that was it. So that was a
very quick deep dive into the top five
nodes for nan. If you want to see a part
two with the next top five nodes, please
let me know in the comments below. And
if you don't already know, I've actually
started a school community very
recently, like a few weeks ago. Uh it's
still growing. And um very
interestingly, I've taken all these
workflows that I've been able to get
from the NA space, which is 5,700
workflows, and I'm working on a really
cool project with the community right
now. So, uh it's like a five-part series
that I'm working on by using this
specific set of workflows. If you want
to be a part of that, I welcome you into
the community. Otherwise, I'll see you
on the next one. to guys."

"Transcript


Search in video
Hello legends. In this video, I'm going
to be going over the new Nan model
selector. The model selector lets us add
up to 10 different LLMs and then attach
them into our AI agent so that we can
dynamically switch between LLMs when
we're completing different tasks. Now,
in order to access the model selector,
make sure that you update your N
instance to the latest version. So,
that's 100.1. And in case you didn't
know, you can go ahead to the releases
page in the N GitHub repository. And
this is where you can view all the stuff
that the NAN devs are working on in the
back end. So every time there's a new
release, so for example, the pre-release
of version 101, you can see all the
different bug fixes that N is working
on, as well as the new features that
they're adding to the N instance. And
for this video, we're going to be
looking at the 100.1 latest version, but
the original version 100 is just over
here. So we can see the bug fixes that N
has worked on. And then going down to
this feature section, this is where we
have the add model selector node. So
that's the actual feature we're going to
be exploring in this video today. Now,
to get that model selected, the first
thing we need to do is just add an AI
agent onto our canvas. Once we have the
AI agent added, we can just click on
this plus where it says chat model. And
now we have the ability of adding that
model selector. So instead of previously
just choosing the model directly into
this node over here, we have the model
selector. And then we can add our LLMs
into this model selector. So, if I click
into the configuration, the first thing
that I can adjust here is the number of
inputs and that's between two and 10
LLMs. So, coming back onto the canvas
now, I can go through here and just add
all of my favorite LLM. So, I've got
Anthropic. Let's say I want to add Open
AAI, which is down the very bottom. And
then I can add another one over here.
Let's say I add uh Google Gemini. So,
you can go through and actually add up
to 10 LLMs. And then in order for you to
be able to route between choosing
different LLMs, you do that from this
configuration panel as well. And you can
do that by adding rules. So if I click
on add new rule over here, I have okay,
if I want to actually use model one, I
need these conditions to be met. So
you're probably already familiar with
the logic expressions in nan. You have
to have some kind of initial value to
equal to something else. So let's say
over here I have a variable called
route. And then if I want to choose
model one, I'll have to have some kind
of external way to select route to equal
to one. So whenever route equals to one
then I will use model one. I can add
another rule. And now I can decide when
I choose model 2. So if I want to choose
model 2 over here then I will have that
route and if route equals 2, it's going
to use model 2. So this is a very basic
way that you can configure um how and
when you select different models. So
then that way when you're actually
interacting with your AI agent, as long
as you set the value of the variable
route over here before you go into your
AI agent, then you can access that
variable in your model selector and then
dynamically choose between these
different LLMs. So while we're here, I
want to speak about the actual efficacy
of using this model selector. So you can
see over here I've actually got three
different uh providers altogether. So
I've got Anthropic, I've got OpenAI, and
then I've got Google as our LLM
providers. Now, as you might know or you
might not know, um when you're in your
AI agent, the main configuration that's
going to get the most juice out of the
LLM that you use is a system message.
This is the prompt that you're using for
your AI. Now, as a rule of thumb, it's
actually important for you to structure
your system message. So, your prompt
depending on which LLM you want to use.
So the main thing that we have over here
is that we can only have one system
message from our AI agent and that has
to somehow cater to all the different
features and benefits of these different
uh LLMs that we're using. For example,
if we use OpenAI and I go onto the GPT
4.1 that has the uh 1 million token uh
context, the style and the structure of
this prompt will be different to the
style and structure of the prompt that I
might use for something like Claude
Sonnet 4, which would be different to
the style and structure of the prompt
that I would use for Google Gemini. So
really, it wouldn't be my preference to
use this model selector if I'm using
different providers of LLMs. What I
might rather do is actually just use
different models of the same provider.
So let's say I just get rid of this
anthropic right now. And then I just
duplicate this chat model. And all I'm
using now is just Open AI. So I'm going
to plug this into here. Plug this into
here. And then I'm just changing the
model. So I've got GPT 4.1 as my
primary. Then I might use one of the
different 4.1 family models like the 4.1
mini. And then over here I would just
choose the 4.1 Nano. So here we go. So
this would be my preference. So we're
using OpenAI for all of our models in
this model selector, which means that at
the high level when we're setting our
system message, it's going to work for
the OpenAI model. But on top of that,
I'm not actually using something like
GPT40 here and then using 4.1 and then
using something like 03 for reasoning
because the prompt for my reasoning
model is still going to be different. So
really, I'm just using the 4.1 family of
models. I got 4.1, 4.1 mini, and then
4.1 nano. So, this would be my
recommendation for the best way of
actually setting up this model selector
to be most effective with your AI agent.
And now, if you ask me, okay, Barb, but
what if I actually want to have the same
agent, but actually use different
models, then all I would do is just
duplicate the agent, and I would have
one for Open AI like what I have here, a
model selected to choose between the 4.1
family. And then over here, I might have
the exact same agent. And instead of
using OpenAI, I would use Enthropic and
then another agent for a different
provider altogether. And that means in
your workflow, you're actually routing
between agents that have a specialized
system prompt that actually works and
extracts the most value of the different
provider of LLM. Okay, so with that
recommendation out of the way, I now
want to look at three different ways
that you can actually route between
different models. So I'm going to go
against the recommendation that I just
made, mainly because I just want it to
be very easy for us to differentiate
between different models. And I've got
three different examples over here. The
first example is dynamic task routing.
So we're going to be routing based on
the task to be performed. Now to set
this up, I'm just going to get a chat
node onto the screen. So let's go chat
trigger. There we go.
Let's bring it over here and connect it
up. Now what I'm doing is I have this
initial basic LLM chain that I'm using
to help route my requests. Now the
purpose of this is just to identify what
my original incoming request is. For
example, if the request is to generate a
text, output the number one. And if the
request is to summarize a text, output
number two. So this basic LLM chain is
just acting like a bit of a route
selector. So I input my chat message. It
goes through this basic LLM chain.
There's no response generated for us for
the front end for the user. All we're
doing here is just we're deciding, okay,
if you want to generate a text, we're
going to be using anthropic. If we need
to summarize a text, we're going to be
using OpenAI. Now, over here in the AI
agent configuration, all we're doing is
we're sending in the chat input. So,
that's what we have over here. Request
equals chat input. And I've got a very
basic system message. There's actually
no value in the system message at all.
All it says is your helpful content
agent. You help summarize large bodies
of text concisely in two to three
sentences. Or you also help generate
copy off of very simple instructions.
Your target audience is camping and
outdoor. And then if we dig into the
model selector, we can still access the
different nodes on the canvas. So for
example, the basic LLM chain is what I'm
feeding into my conditions when I'm
choosing between model one or I'm
choosing between model 2. So let me just
execute this to show you how this works.
All right, I'm just going to say please
summarize this text. Then I have about
500 characters of a short story. So
let's click on send. Awesome. And our
workflow executed successfully. So we
first went through the basic LLM chain
and we can see that based on our system
instructions if we want to summarize a
text please output the number two and
that's what I asked over here please
summarize this text and I gave 500
characters. So the output we have is
two. Now if we dig into the model
selector this is where we actually
dynamically see that we chose the open
AAI model. So if I click onto mapping
over here, we can see that we had the
input of the basic LLM chain and the
output was route 2. And then for my
condition, I have this basic LLM chain.
So I've just dragged this into this
field over here. And then I said if it's
set to number one, we're using model one
where model one is anthropic. And then
over here, model 2 is open AI. So back
in the configuration, just scrolling
down and this is where we have model 2.
So open AI. Now, if that basic LLM chain
is equal to two, which it was, we just
go into mapping. Then we're using the
open AI model. And that's why we see
that it was highlighted over here. And
then here's the output of that agent. So
we use the open AI model and then we
have about a one or two sentence summary
of that 500 characters. So that's
example one. To recap, we used a basic
LLM chain to understand what the inbound
query was about. We then passed the
original request into the AI agent. We
access the routing from the basic LLM
chain as part of our logic to decide
between using model one or model 2. We
dynamically use model 2. Then we had the
output back to the user. Now the second
example we're going to be looking at is
cost efficiency routing. So all I'm
doing here is just looking at okay is
the request below or above 500
characters and then depending on that
we're then going to be choosing our
model dynamically. So for anything
that's below 500 characters, we're going
to be generating our AI response using
the anthropic model. Anything that's
above 500 characters, I might want to
save some cost. Then I'm going to be
using the open AI model. Okay, so let me
just quickly set this up. I'm going to
move this across. Let's unplug and then
replug the chat model over here. Now to
look inside the code note, this is very
basic. All I'm doing is just checking
the chat input. I'm checking if it's
below or above 500 characters. If it's
below, I output number one. If it's
above, I output number two. All right,
let's use the exact same message that we
had before. So, please summarize this.
And then I have that input text. Now,
I'm just going to hit send. And awesome,
there we are. So, let's dig into this
code node and inspect what happened. So,
we've just input the chat input over
here. And now looking at the output, the
object that we're creating is just the
session ID, action, and chat input.
That's just what we input from the chat
node, and we're passing it through just
to kind of keep everything consistent.
But the main thing we want to look at is
the model choice. So this code actually
identified that the text was below 500
characters and therefore it output
number one. Digging into our model
selector, we can go across to this
mapping tab over here. Scrolling down to
the bottom, we have access to model
choice. And all we've done is we've
defined model one. We've got this
item.json.mmodel choice. I've just
literally dragged this into this
variable section over here. And then
I've set if the number equals to one,
we're going to use model one. And if the
number equals to two, we're going to be
using model 2. So we can see because we
had below 500 characters, we output
model one and then we used anthropic and
then we had our response with the AI
agent. Okay, so that was looking at the
cost efficiency routing. Just looking at
how many tokens we're going to be
inputting into our AI model. Now the
final one that I want to look at is
actually routing based on an external
workflow. So over here we're going to be
routing based on a third party
integration. So, we're going to be
sending a bunch of data into this web
hook, and part of that data is actually
going to contain the route that we're
going to be then plugging into this
model selector over here. So, to help us
with that process, all I've done over
here is create an API call that's going
to be landing in that NAN web hook. I've
just configured it to point towards the
NAN web hook. And then the actual JSON
body that we're sending contains two
variables. So, the first is this message
variable, and this message variable
contains that same text that we input in
the chat interface before. And then we
have this route over here. And we're
setting route to equal to two. This
route is what we're going to be using
when we're dynamically selecting our
model. All right, let me hit execute
workflow. And now this web hook is open
to receiving events. Let me just fire it
off from here. I'm going to go node web
hook. And now we've just hit into that
nan workflow. And then we have our
response over here which is the summary.
So then the output is this summarized
text over here. So we gave it in about
500 characters and we got back just a
single sentence. So let's take a look at
the N canvas. So the first thing we're
looking at is this web hook. So this is
just the package of information that we
got from that API call. We have the
message which is that 500 characters and
then we have the route which equals to
two. Now digging into the model selector
and then going across to this mapping
section over here. Let's just bring us
back into the information that was
received from the web hook. Scrolling
down to the bottom we can see that we
have route two over here. So now in
order for us to select our models we
have model one. We have this web
hook.json
query route. So, I've literally just
dragged this into this placeholder over
here. And then I've said if it equals to
one, we're using model one. But in our
case, it actually equals to two, which
means we use model 2. Now, going back
onto the canvas, that's over here, the
open AI model. And then finally, in
order for us to respond to this initial
web hook, I've just got a respond to web
hook node. And if I go into here, this
is the output that we received in
cursor, which is that single sentence
summary. All right, guys. Thank you very
much for watching this video. Now just
quickly like I said before uh if you are
going to be using this model selector my
recommendation would be uh twofold. So
the first is just use one provider.
Don't switch between Anthropic, OpenAI,
Google Gemini and everything else
because your system message is the most
important part when you're actually
trying to get the most juice out of your
AI models. And then the second thing is
just use the same family of models. So
in the example that I said before, if
you're going to be using OpenAI, just
use the 4.1, 4.1 mini, and then the 4.1
nano. That way, the prompt that you set
is actually perfect for those 4.1 family
of models. And then all you're doing is
choosing between level of intelligence
and then speed as well. All right, guys.
I hope you have a lot of fun with your
new model selectors for your AI agents.
See you in the next video."

"Transcript


Search in video
Hello legends. In this video, I'm going
to be showing you the most customizable
AI agent that you will ever see in N.
Now, I'm not going to be showing you the
regular AI agent that you're used to,
which is this AI agent here that has a
input for a chat model. Has some memory
input, multiple tool inputs, and when
you dig inside, you can change the text
input. So, it's a chat trigger, or you
define a custom one below. And then for
add option, you can add a set of custom
instructions that will then give your AI
agent a custom role. So it can complete
a certain task. Uh in fact, I what I
want to show you is something which is
completely more customizable. And to get
to there, we first have to go to AI.
It's not in this panel. Let's go all the
way to the very bottom. Click on other
AI nodes. Once again, it's not here. We
have to go to the very bottom
miscellaneous. And now we have this
interesting node called lang chain code.
So, if I click this onto the canvas,
this is what we're going to be speaking
about today. So, it looks like a very
boring node. There are no inputs and no
outputs. And if I click this open, it
kind of looks like what even is this? Is
it like a generic node? It does nothing.
But I'm going to show you how actually
this AI agent node under the hood is
this langchain code node and how this
lang chain code node is actually the
underlying operator for this basic LLM
chain information extractor question and
answer sentiment summarization text all
of these other LLM steps all underneath
the hood are this lang chain code node.
So to show you what I'm talking about
let's just start trying to configure
this. So, let's go to this input tab.
And if I just click on input, I'm going
to scroll down and find main. If I click
main, now I have some ability to
actually connect something into this
node. So, I can get my chat trigger and
plug it right into here. But now, I
actually need some kind of output as
well. So, let me go back into here and
find this section that says add output.
So, for addput, I'm going to go down and
choose main as well. And now I have an
ability to input something, you know, do
something inside this node and then have
an output. But what if I want to add
some AI model memory and tool calling?
Well, I can actually do that as well. So
for this input, I'm going to go to type
and now let's find language model. So go
back onto the canvas and we have our
language model over here. So I can click
this and it comes up with the predefined
options of something like anthropic or I
can click it again and I can add another
AI model here. So open AI chat model. So
this is actually pretty cool and unique.
I can add multiple language models into
this lang chain code node. Now, let's go
back in and try and make this look like
an AI agent that we're used to. Let's go
and choose a for now. Let's go memory.
Okay. So, now we have language uh the
actual chat model from what we're used
to here. And then we have the memory
node. Now, if I want to go back into
here and add another tool call, let's
say add input. And I can go to here and
select tool call. So, now this is more
in line with what we're used to. We're
used to seeing the uh chat model, a
memory node, and then a tool node or a
collection of tool nodes. So, let me
refresh this page, and hopefully it will
just recalibrate some of these. There we
go. I've refreshed the page. Now, the AI
LLMs are plugged into the language. Now,
if I continue trying to configure this,
if I click on this memory module, we
have the same options that we have with
the AI agent. So simple memory, we've
got Postgress. And if I just click on
this memory here, same kind of um side
panel opens up because it's configured
for memory. And same thing with tools.
If I click tool here, we've got N
workflow HTTP request. And if I click
just exit out of here, click tool, it's
the exact same thing. So before I go on
and I kind of do more of a comparison
between the other LLM steps and then
actually show you a bit more about how
this lang chain code node works uh
explain to you what lang chain is and
then also show you some interesting
reporting that you can pull out because
now that we know this is lang chain
there's actually something called lang
which is a customized reporting platform
that integrates with lang chain it's the
same company that runs it and you can
get even more detailed data about token
consumption
failures, um, runtime, everything that
you would want from your AI agent. So,
I'm going to show you that a little bit
later in this video. But first, let me
prove to you that this is actually a
lang chain code node underneath, just
simplified for us to be able to use as
not really technical uh, users of nan.
So, I'm going to cancel this out of
here. I'm going to delete this, bring
this AI agent, and I'm just going to
download this workflow. And I've opened
up the workflow over here. So, this is
the JSON of the workflow. And my AI
agent node is nan-
nodes-langchain.agent.
This literally shows that this node here
which is AI agent is actually a
langchain. So what is langchain? So
simply put, langchain is a framework for
building out AI agents. You may have
heard of these guys already in your
travels through the AI sphere. A lot of
big businesses that are building out AI
agents both as co-pilots for their own
products or as just AI agents for their
businesses. So, Replet has built their
co-pilots on Langchain and then someone
like Clana has built their customer
support agent on Langchain as well. Um,
these businesses will rely on Langchain
which is a framework for building out AI
agents. So looking over at AI agents,
the underlying concept is that you have
some input, you have some output, and
then in between those, you have a set of
actions that are defined by an LLM that
has access to a set of tools, which is
like plugging into Shopify, plugging
into Zenesk, doing some kind of
customized actions, and then also
instructions or the system message,
which gives this AI agent the
understanding of here's a specific task
you need to complete, and this is how
you complete it. So since a lot of us
build our AI agents in N we're very used
to being able to just quickly click on
chat model and just plug into anthropic
or if we're not happy with this we can
just plug into for example DeepSeek or
Google Gemini or my other favorite is
OpenAI but the thing that we don't get
exposed to is that under the hood when
you're using API calls for OpenAI or
Anthropic or any other LLM provider
actually the API calls themselves the
structure of the API the response
format, the configurations and settings,
all of that is unique to the actual
provider. So, I couldn't just go into my
coding tool, create an API call to
OpenAI, and just interchange chat GBT
for Claude and expect it to work. It
won't work. And the same thing goes with
tool calls. When you're using tool calls
with chat GBT, there's a specific way to
call the tool from the LLM. So from chat
GBT there's a specific way to build the
tool call API specific way to retrieve
the response of the tool call and all
that has to be customized specifically
to the provider. So the fact that I can
just really easily plug in OpenAI or
Anthropic, I can quickly plug in a HTTP
tool call or I can plug into absolutely
any other tool call from any other
provider. scraping tools, air table,
Asana, absolutely any other tool call
and automatically it's going to be
suitable for use with any LLM that I
use, any memory component that I use, be
it internal memory from NAN, be it
through an external database on
something like Superbase, be it a vector
database, be it whatever I can imagine
that I want to connect to an AI agent,
all of that, the ability to interchange
and have everything work so seamlessly
together under the hood, that's thanks
to Lang Chain. So let me explain that
evolution to you by looking at something
like chat GBT. So when chat GBT first
came out, people started loving being
able to just have a chat with infinite
wisdom of an LLM that was trained on the
internet. As time went on, we were able
to upload documents and images,
different files. We had the ability to
do different tool calling. So OpenAI
released something that was called
custom GPT where you could actually
configure your own GPT with a prompt and
the ability to use different tools. But
when the custom GPT came out, this was
only done through the chat GPT
interface. You couldn't actually pull
this out and plug it into your website.
So you couldn't interact with it
programmatically by using code. Shortly
after the custom GPT came out, OpenAI
released something called the assistance
API. So the assistance API was just the
programmatic version of a custom GPT
where you can set a custom prompt. You
can have different uh file search
abilities. You can plug in your own
documents and have your own vector
database plugged into your AI model and
then you can do function calling. So you
can actually plug into different tools
and complete certain actions. Now the
main difference with something like the
assistance API from OpenAI and something
like Langchain is that essentially they
they perform a similar function. They're
both AI agents that have the ability to
interact with external systems and they
run on LLMs. But the key difference is
that OpenAI must run on the OpenAI
infrastructure. So you can't just build
an assistance API but then plug it to
use claude as the brain and on top of
that all the underlying conversations
and all that data was going to be
running through the open AI system. You
couldn't actually take this and then
host it on your own infrastructure where
something like lankchain is a framework
for building these AI agents. So it
doesn't really have an opinion on which
AI model you want to use, what tools you
want to use, what the custom
instructions, what the inputs and
outputs are. All it wants to do is build
a very simple way for you to dynamically
build AI agents so that they can
interact with any system, any LLM to
perform any single task. So I've just
asked chat GPT to summarize the key
differences between something like
assistance API versus lang chain in the
context of N. So we can see that we have
lang chain agents are highly
customizable. You can mix different LLMs
so open AI claude whereas assistance API
can only use the chat GBT infrastructure
for tool integration you can work with
external tools and APIs web hooks
databases this is using your own logic
so you can actually build really
powerful agents that can dynamically
interact with different tools where
something like the assistance API the
function calling it's it's still there
you can still interact with different
tools but it's a lot more limited in
nature and in terms of how these systems
work so lang chain acts as a framework
to help the AI I think step by step and
then use tools. Whereas OpenAI handles
the logic and everything in its own
infrastructure. Now you can read through
the rest of these by pausing the screen.
But overall for our use case here really
the difference between using the
assistance API from OpenAI and something
like an N AI agent is that for let's say
80% but the majority of use cases they
will perform the same or similar tasks
but N AI agents on Langchain give you
much more customization and control. So
the TLDDR too long didn't read is that
lankchain is like building your own AI
brain inside N with full control over
systems and tools and models and the
assistance API is like building an AI
brain but using the limited open AI
infrastructure. It doesn't mean that
necessarily it's going to be worse for
that use case but as we can see here
there are some tasks that we want to use
different models for. we might want to
build different integrations and in
general from the NAN interface it
actually makes much more sense to have
it highly customizable because otherwise
you would have an AI agent for every
single LLM provider. So now that we know
that under the hood the N AI agent is
actually a lang chain agent, what does
that unlock for us? Like are we any
better with this knowledge or is it
pretty much you know business as usual?
We just continue using this nan AI agent
or you know do we actually want to
consider using this super hidden away
lang chain code node that we saw before
we can actually customize to be a fully
autonomous agent as well. So the first
interesting thing that I explored was
well since it's a lang chain agent under
the hood there's actually a thing called
lang. So this is by the exact same
company and what lang does it basically
gives you a full report of your AI agent
calls. So what we see here is a
breakdown of one single AI call. So
let's say I'm back in nan. A single
agent call would be me saying hello
hitting enter. And now this run is
documented in Langmith. Now I've just
logged into Langsmith and I've got this
plugged into my NIN. I didn't think it's
necessary for me to explain how to do
this right now. This is more of like an
exploration. If you do find this is
interesting, drop a comment below and
say, "Bart, can you explain how to do
this?" Um, this is only possible for
self-hosted, by the way. So I can go on
to my most recent execution. And if I
click into it, I have on the left hand
side panel the full breakdown rundown of
what happened in that uh entire agent
call. And on the right hand side, I've
got this firstly underlying instructions
that we don't see within nan. And then I
also have the input and the output of
what I had from my agent. So if I zoom
into this waterfall over here, I can see
the overall agent execution took 1.03
seconds. I've got a bunch of different
uh sections here. The runnable agent,
the runnable sequence, and these are all
just related to that lang chain
framework. So in nan, we actually don't
see these little steps, but these are
actually part of what happens behind the
scenes with an AI agent. So overall, I
might just want to look at, okay, well,
I have 1.03 second runtime for this. If
I go into my OpenAI uh model, I can see
I've got a tool call section over here,
but I didn't actually have a tool call
execution. If I did, you would start to
see the errors or the outcomes of the
tool call over here. You can see all the
total token costs. You can see
absolutely everything to do with this
agent. So that's one cool thing that you
could do. You could go ahead and plug
into Lang Chain's reporting dashboard.
So, Langmith or number two, like we saw
before, you could actually start
building out really customized AI
agents. So, let's quickly just build out
the AI agent we had before. We have a
main input which we can plug into our
chat node. We also want to give our
agent the ability to plug into an AI
model. So, we have language model. We
also want to give the ability to plug
into something like a memory. Okay. And
then I also want to get tool calls which
I have over here. And then if I go for
my output, I just want to have a main
route as well where I can quickly plug
in a main output. So here we have
literally the same thing as this AI
agent. The main difference is that we
have this code node section here. So add
code and execute. So this is just a
default what is included here. And now
as you can see we're actually starting
to use lang chain libraries. So this is
actually an interesting part of what I
want to show you in this video. So in
this video, I'm not going to be going
through how to code up anything and
actually build out an agent here. I want
to speak about concepts. So this code
node is actually what defines the custom
actions of this LLM. So in here, I can
actually build out entire workflows for
my agents. Using code, I can actually
build out sequences where my agents can
dynamically decide on what tools to use.
They can check the outcome of tools and
then rerun the same tools if they think
it's necessary. They can do loops. They
can do if statements. They can
conditionally go down different routes
in this code note. I could also build
out multiple teams of agents to perform
different tasks. I can jump tasks
between agents. As you saw over here, I
could actually plug in multiple
different LLM models. So let's say my
first agent might use something like
anthropic in order to review the request
and understand and classify that
request. Then I might use something like
open AAI to review a large corpus of
data to go through it and then to add
some additional context to a third agent
which might then use a totally different
LLM altogether and I can actually make
that jump all within this code over
here. But it is a little bit more
complex to use because you actually have
to be writing code. Now a cool hack is
that you can use claw to write the code
for you. But I just want to you know
pull back a little bit and speak about
the concepts over here. So that means
using this lang chain code node, you can
actually build out teams of agents or
run really complex workflows. The most
interesting thing that I actually want
to explore more is can agents be more
autonomous using this lang chain code
node? Can I build orchestrator agents
within this workflow that can
dynamically rerun tools, check the data,
check outputs, re-review what the steps
are? Can I get those thinking steps that
you get in claude or chat GBT when it's
like thinking about the user's request,
making the plan? Can I build an agent
that does that within lang chain code?
And and the quick answer to that is yes,
you can. So that's one thing I'm going
to be exploring a little bit more. But
the final comparison I want to make is I
want to pull out some of these other AI
nodes. So let's say this basic element.
Let's go actually information extractor
and let's pull out another one on top of
this. Let's go to this AI step. Let's
pull out question and answer as well.
Let me just unplug these. And then let
me get just one more something like text
classifier. So if you look at all of
these AI nodes over here, these are all
literally built on top of this lang
chain code node. The only difference
between what you see here is that okay,
this has got a model that you have to
plug into. Sometimes they have different
inputs or different outputs like the
text classifier. I can dynamically add a
bunch of outputs into this over here
where I can have this is category A,
category B, category C. I can do the
same thing over here. If I go to my
output field, I can add another main
output and then I can also have multiple
outputs. So you can see that you can
dynamically interact with the some of
these lang chain code nodes by using
these pre-built nodes. Now aside from
the inputs and outputs, the core
difference in how they operate is that
you actually don't have to prompt up
what this information extractor does
behind the scenes using this coded
section that we would h that we would
have to add over here for execute. uh
n's come into here and written code that
will perform a specific action. That's
why it's blocked away. You don't see it,
but you still have the ability to put
all right, this is the input text. And
in most cases, you have the ability to
actually enter some kind of uh
instructions. So, if I go to here, add
option, I have system prompt template,
and I can modify this a little bit. But
really, when you're using these
predefined LLM nodes, the idea is that
you don't really want to modify the
system message because under the hood,
it has the configuration ready to go.
Same thing with question and answer. So
you would maybe add a system prompt
template here. But really what you're
looking to do is add an AI model and
then a retriever system to be able to
answer those questions about your
resources. And same thing about text
classification. What's the input text?
What's the category? And a quick
description of that category. So if you
imagine you're actually filling out
these categories and then a description
that the LLM would use to actually
categorize your text. It's like you're
actually operating within this lang
chain code node. And the way that this
code is set up is that it actually has
dynamic inputs where if the user clicks
this certain button, it just generates
another output and then a templated
section where it says what's the title
and the description. So yeah, I think
from here I'm really interested in the
fact that we do have a lot of these LLM
steps. And I mean one of the reasons
we're using N is because we want to
introduce AI into workflows dynamically
be able to complete tasks for us. But I
am super interested in actually jumping
into here and exploring. Okay, well if I
have the ability to add some of these
inputs like if I can really separate the
document input from here, the embedding
the the uh output parser that I'm using
the textur like if I can fully define
individual routes for these tools that
mean my tool accuracy would get better
if I can actually have multiple outputs
just like I have here these multiple
outputs. Does that mean that in this
code node instead of me having to use a
separate code node over here and then an
if node or a switch node, can I just
model that entirely within this AI
agent? And if you keep going down that
thinking, it kind of comes to the point
of like, well, what am I really building
out in N? Do I really need to be
building inside here? Um, or would I
want to learn how to do these lang chain
frameworks? And yeah, the highle answer
is that no, I would actually stick it
within n. I'm not really going to be
transitioning to this anytime soon. And
if I did, it would most likely be in a
customcoded environment. So like on a
tool like cursor or replet and if I try
and think to myself like in 5 years time
what do I think is going to be more
valuable do I think a tool like n is
going to be more valuable or
understanding a framework like lang
chain will be more valuable I think the
framework is going to be more valuable
mainly because as we go on and the
softwares that we're using in businesses
they're going to become more autonomous
and interconnected with different tools
just based off you know how we can use
MCPS now I think n will have to keep
evolving to try to stay ahead of the
curve but but anyway guys I wanted to
deep dive into AI agent just to show you
what's possible. If you do want a part
two, a follow-up going into how to use
this lang chain code node more, how to
set up that reporting, and just me
exploring this on a more practical
level, please drop a comment below. And
if you've watched to the end of the
video, I appreciate you taking the time
to watch my videos. Um, please like,
subscribe if you haven't already, drop a
comment. All those things will help
signal to YouTube that this video is
worth pushing and will help me grow my
channel. Thank you very much, guys. And
I'll see you in the next"

