T o ensure we have all the necessary details before building this voice assistant, here are some targeted
questions:
1. Service Area and Availability • Do you have a specific geographic service area or zip codes that need
to be validated for service eligibility?
We service mainly the DFW areas. The farthest point north that we will go is Van Alstyne. The farthest
points south are Cleburne and Ennis. The farthest point west is Weatherford. The farthest points East are
T errell and Royse City.
• Are there any areas within your service region that have special pricing or availability restrictions?
Anything past the farthest points will be a higher service fee.
★ Garage Door Service Out of area- $50
★ Commercial Garage Door Out of area- $100
★ Gate Service Out of area- $149
2. Scheduling and Appointment Details • What are your preferred time slots and days for free estimates?
(Currently listed as Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday between 12-5 pm) • Is there a limit to how far in
advance appointments can be scheduled, or any blackout dates?
We only provide free estimates for gate services Tuesday. Wednesday, and Thursdays 12-5pm. We
inform clients that it is a 12-5pm time slot and the technician will call to give an estimated time frame of
when they will arrive within that time slot. We try to schedule jobs at least 1-2 hrs before the appointment
time for gates. When scheduling a garage door service; if the technician is in the same zip code we
schedule within 30 minutes-1hr. However, if not looking at the schedule during that moment, schedule 2
hours out.
3. Pricing and Service Fee Structure • Are the residential and commercial service fees fixed at the values
in the flowchart ($35/$50 for Garage and $80/$99 for Gate) or should the assistant reference a dynamic
pricing table? • Do we need to inform customers of any additional fees, such as those for out-of-area
services?
The service fees are a fixed pricing structure. We explain to clients that the service fee will be waived if
they proceed forward with the estimate that the technician provides for the repairs or installation. We only
inform customers of additional fees when we confirm their zip code is out of the area. For example: “May
you provide your zip code in order to see if we service your area and the time we can get you scheduled”
4. Service Limitations and Special Conditions • Are there any other unsupported products or services
(besides “Roll Up Doors” and “Glass Doors” for Garage, and “Mighty Mule” or “Ghost” for Gate) that the
assistant should be aware of? • Is there a maximum service range beyond which we should automatically
offer only phone estimates?
These are the only name brands that the office is aware of that we do not service. We inform gate
customers that we service regulated and professional products. We also explain that they can ask the
technician any questions on the confirmation phone call from the technician before arrival.
The purpose of the phone call with customers is to get them scheduled for an appointment and close with
getting repairs done by the technician. If the customer does not want to pay a service fee and is very
hesitant then we offer rough prices over the phone if they ask for a specific service they need. If they do
not know exactly what they need and are still hesitant on scheduling due to a service fee then, we will
offer a technician to call them back for a phone estimate. We still inform customers that it is hard to
provide an accurate estimate over the phone because a repair can be a number of issues that is why we
try to schedule an appointment. This process is for garage door calls and for gates it is more complex. We
cannot offer prices over the phone, only the gate department can give prices if a customer asks for a
phone estimate. Now, we offer free estimates for gate services on specific days and times if a customer is
hesitant on scheduling because of the service fee. We also have an online portal that clients can send in
requests through our leads channel. We will also communicate with customers via email if they prefer but
we recommend via phone. Below, we have listed the maximum service range we offer:
➔ Phone Call = Schedule appointment
➔ Phone Call ( customer doesn’t want to pay service fee) = Free estimate for Gates and phone
estimate for garage door)
➔ Phone Call (customer wants to send email of pictures) = communicate with customer via email
5. Follow-Up and Confirmation Preferences • Would you prefer the assistant to collect customer emails for
follow-up in addition to phone numbers? • What is the preferred method for confirming appointments (text
message, email, phone call)? • Should the assistant automatically send a confirmation message after
scheduling, or would you prefer manual confirmation by your team?
Yes, collecting emails would be great and our preferred method for confirmation is by phone calls.
However, it would be best if the assistant could send a confirmation message via text but we want to
receive that notification through our office email to keep track of the scheduled appointments. It is better
that we do not flood our Workiz because we receive everything already. Office email-
support@garagetec.org
6. Data Integration and CRM • Do you use any specific CRM or customer management tool where this
data should be automatically stored? • Are there specific data points (beyond name, phone, address,
company) that you want to capture and log?
We use specific tags and job types to differentiate the customer. For instance, in the Workiz system we
will place GATE as a job type if it is a gate job. If the customer needs specifically a spring replacement,
we place the job type as spring replacement for garage door jobs. As long as the assistant is able to
capture whether it is a gate or garage door job and if the customer is out of the area, that is efficient. The
company will always be placed under Garage T ec.
7. Backup Options and Phone Estimate Flow • In cases where no scheduling options are available, would
you like the assistant to automatically offer a phone estimate, or should it direct them to a specific team
member for further assistance? • Should the phone estimate include any standardized messaging about
how estimates are given (e.g.,
“Our technician will provide an estimate within business hours”)?
Please have the assistant direct the call to an office team member; we will be able to inform customers of
why we schedule and provide more context. No, if the call is transferred to a team member there is no
need to provide a standardized message.
8. Brand Voice and T one • Are there any specific words, phrases, or tone guidelines you’d like the
assistant to use to align with your brand? • Would you prefer the assistant to be more conversational or
strictly professional? Having clear answers to these questions will ensure the voice assistant is tailored
accurately and avoids misunderstandings in customer interactions. Once you have this information, I’ll
proceed with configuring the assistant accordingly.
There are no specific words or guidelines. We prefer for the voice assistant to sound friendly and inviting,
straight-forward, and conversational. Our customers like to explain their frustrations and what is needed
so it is best to know they are going to be in good hands.